hey guys now that you're done stuffing
yourselves with thanksgiving leftovers
why not earn some extra cash and gift
cards to buy you know shoes and food and
iphones with swagbucks earn rewards by
taking research surveys watching videos
playing games or even shopping online
click the link right there at the top of
my description box and start earning
extra cash and gift cards right away and
lastly i'd like to thank swagbucks for
sponsoring this video and helping me
bring you the content you love thanks
swagbucks
i know you've probably heard it before
and you're still not happy hearing it
again but this is what the ideal male
body looks like this is peak performance
i work hard i play harder it's because
of the way that i work and play that
affords me the kind of lifestyle you all
could only dream of you're looking at
the culmination of my optimal life
choices friend
no need to be jealous it's a long way
down from here and i pity those i've
known who've fallen by the wayside gotta
make sure to keep my energy levels up at
all time lest i spontaneously die one
more of those sick frankie dogs please
sir i don't give you any more hot dog
you coming every 15 minutes it is very
unhealthy the strange hot dog wizard was
clearly sick of seeing me succeed
how could he understand
[Music]
all right maybe he's got a bit of a
point perhaps i'm not in the kind of
shape i thought i was in so i've decided
to watch some workout tapes to try and
shed some of the weight speaking of
workout videos i always thought these
things were so weird who ever actually
used one of these even the relatively
normal ones seem like the work of
lunatics you always see it in movies and
stuff but i don't know a single person
who's actually used one of these hey
they must have sold at one point
otherwise they wouldn't have made so
many today we're going to be reviewing
some of the weirdest workout videos i
could find out there because hey go big
or go home all right let's begin
[Music]
all right first up we got prancercise a
fitness revolution okay this this ain't
your average fitness it's about
self-expression it's about non-violence
it's about conservation it's about three
things that i don't know how they're
related to each other or related to
exercise or horses so in their own words
prancercise registered is defined as a
springy rhythmic way of moving forward
similar to a horse's gait this form of
movement along with dietary and
spiritual principles can create the most
satisfying holistic and successful
[__] program one could hope to
experience man
you don't even have to be good in this
world you just gotta put words together
in a funny way here we go let's do
prancercise registered hello i'm joanna
rorbeck of prancercise llc hi joanna
based on your website i bet you're
totally not going to say something
insane right now and i'm here today to
show you the four modes of transfer size
i've got my ankle weights in place and
my music's ready so let's stop talking
and do some walking let's stop talking
joanna you've been talking to me for
like three seconds you're like here's
the four principles stand and let's go
from the website you made it sound like
there was a lot more to it than that
joanna but let's see show me let's
prance
[Music]
oh my god for real that's it
what is playing is this the same few
measures from sweet home alabama big
wheels keep on turning
she's channeling the horse guys she's
it's clear look at that look at the way
the feet move okay the arms tourists
don't have arms spiritual
holistic downright strange this is why
you don't go to florida we're trying to
saw that state off have it float into
the atlantic okay we don't want you we
don't want you joanna and you're weird
dancing we don't want it so that was
prancercise i'm already feeling a couple
pounds lighter let's move on to number
[Music]
two okay next up we got something called
zooey keem english okay zookeen english
is a japanese television series
originally aired in 1992 in an effort to
market their traditionally unprofitable
time spots and give opportunities to
young creators to express their new
ideas one such program tried to help
viewers to fall asleep while another
showed an actor reading out a well-known
novel and nothing else zucchini english
was born under these circumstances even
the greatest have humble beginnings
i too feel very lost in this negative
space park
[Music]
shut up
don't say a word
[Music]
i
i i can't i can't find fault with that
so who am i i'm just i'm just friendly
john
who am i now
who am i now it could happen just like
that you won't even see it coming it
just had that's why you got to be
careful you better have watched zero
can't english so you can figure out how
the [__] to respond to this because even
we don't know we speak the language
[Music]
spare me my life
spare me my life zucchini in english
[Music]
i have a bad case of diarrhea
i have a bad case of diarrhea thanks
dude
thanks for thanks for letting us know
how much you think he got paid to say
that he didn't sound he didn't sound
like his heart was in it i have a bad
case of diarrhea all right man i get it
i have a bad case of diarrhea i have a
bad case of diarrhea i have a bad case
of diarrhea i have a bad case of
so that's zooeykin english i don't think
we need to see any more of that we we
got that all right what's next
next up we've got something called a
young at heart body conditioning with
estelle this is actually estelle getty
from uh golden girls so this should be
pretty good hello
i'm estelle getty between you and me i
wasn't always the fitness goddess you
see here today
this positive attitude took work you're
gonna have to go a little harder than
that okay you you want to see
self-deprecation just look at me in the
morning in the mirror
okay no one's there to see it
what happens
who wants to look like this
still come on no need to be rude you
think i chose this i'm just here to do
some [__] jumping jacks as people
grow older they get smaller if i got any
smaller you'd mistake me for a peanut
absolutely unlikely well
here's a peanut who's determined not to
get any smaller you sure this is a
workout video my exercise program was
created by raphael piccol he's very
successful he's also a full-time french
hug still don't get weird don't get
weird on me still come on in raphael
here comes raphael you're inspirational
oh please i could live inside one of
your thighs estelle what does that mean
people don't say that as stealth
we don't talk about living inside
someone's thigh raphael has trained a
number of senior citizens and you know i
don't like your hand i like i feel like
you're really encroaching on estelle's
everything this exercise program improve
muscle strength flexibility bone density
and post too go get them tiger
i want to see you like that still
don't want it you're like my grandma
don't do that okay let's go for it all
right exercise seems to improve
everything can even improve your sex
life
i'd like to correct the rumor that
senior citizens are not having sex we
are we're just having it slower
come to think of it that's pretty good
thank you for being a friend
travel down the road and back again
i don't like this one bit please just go
back to hanging out with me arthur
[Music]
[Applause]
okay our next one is mariko takahashi's
fitness video for being appraised as the
next fat girl are you going to human
appraisals
and then just like ex fat girl i can see
it
a little bit extra skin i see it you
can't hide it from me tape it back
how do you get appraised as an ex fat
girl what the hell does that even mean
hi i'm mariko takaha
it's like a tumor disorder i don't know
if anyone just wants to come point blank
point that out like did you notice
you're [__] deformed
had you noticed that we'll be building
muscular strength
that's what this video is about
beauty and strength this is connected to
everything in life
victory and happiness
picturing happiness
thing for everyone
let's go
feel like this is something from a
[__] jrpg it's a boss battle
how do they even get the dogs to look
that realistic it looks too good
is it like cg or
they've just been like grafted on to
these midgets what is a bunch of
children with dogs heads grafted on it's
weird you see stuff like this all the
time and you're like who had the time to
think of this and then make it think it
up
it's too tighter now step aside outside
right here no arms
i'm surprised i haven't tried this
earlier i'll give this a shot all right
let's do this
where you going huh we gotta work out
come here
how you enjoying that you feeling the
fitness
have you peed on me
it's possible
thank you for joining
be well
official worldwide olympic partner
sponsored by panasonic
so this is an actual olympic thing
different strokes for different dogs huh
okay we've had our fun all right we've
had we've had our games but now it's
time to get serious okay now we're going
for the crowning jewel in the workout
pantheon okay we got the marquee mark
workout featuring mark actual wahlberg i
don't i don't even know what to say but
it's a mark wahlberg workout video so
without further ado yo guys
cause neil's downstairs he's making some
shakes and stuff let's go [__]
pancakes the whole nine yards [__]
pancakes
somebody comes up to you in the morning
and says [__] pancakes you just you
get your ass out of bed okay i'm gonna
give you one minute
cuz look
one minute
this is really motivating me seeing a
man reluctantly get out of bed to i
don't eat a pancake really
this i don't think there's been exercise
mentioned yet
unless
his pecs being in shot counts as a
mention
yo what's up monkey what's good mark you
mark lounging here with rich menden from
gold's gym yes no handshakes in the
video
all around me are familiar faces
worn out places
you know the biggest question people ask
me is why am i doing a fitness video oh
god it's self-aware
you know i'm a rapper you know but um
i've been into fitness for a while i've
learned a lot like the same person he's
got to look back and
be so proud of this really key in on the
on the strong points which is form
focus and determination mark i don't
think you're keying in on anything you
might be key in some cars with your
hoodlum friends that's about it for keys
with you four
focus determination non-violence
accomplished
vietnamese man's eyes out
it really happened by the way that's
that was mark's first career i've
accomplished a lot you know people
always ask me you know about running
around in my underwear and trying to
sell my body do people ask you about
that mark concerned ask a curious ask
what kind of ask but i think i've
accomplished a lot i have a lot to be
proud of so you know why not share with
people the important thing to remember
is you're starting with that that is the
face of a man trying to figure out how
mark wahlberg got a workout video got my
fly assistant she's gonna help me out
you just check her out
on three babies
he's just staring straight down her tits
mark i understand it's shameless
but christ
pow
what's up it's the monk peacock d
engine workout
[Music]
yo the video's over i'm done working out
five g's
i love you mark while i love you mark
wahlberg i love you
it's only love
a little bit of hatred okay i can't
judge all right i remember when i went
through this phase in my career
welcome to johnny john's game zone we
got some of the best games out there
some of the most mediocre workouts you
ever seen
yeah i like to look on that one y'all
babe let me spot you while you get that
come on get that right in
oh yeah love level four on this swamps
fortress great level
and by the way i know of another two
player game we could play
super smash brothers pow
all right moment of truth
let's see if i lost any weight
[Music]
[Applause]
looks like some things never change
oh my god
actually
yes sir i don't give you
a more any more health because you want
no
unhealthy
[Music]
you